>> Kyle Simpson: Now that's not just
semantically cleaner coding, it actually
produces a different kind of interface for
how you would work with this function.
As opposed to normal async functions
where you call them and get back
a single promise that waits to resolve
until it has all the results for you.
When you call an async generator,
what you're gonna get back is a special
kind of iterator, so that you can
consume its results as it has them.
So you might think,
okay, well, that's cool.
I ought to just be able to wire up
an async generator against a for-of loop.
Just like I can with regular generators,
can I just do a for-of loop
over an async generator?
Well, it's not gonna quite work and
let's see why.
So if I were to pull all
of those URLs upfront and
then all of those results upfront, and
do the yield keyword as I went along,
how would I consume that content?
What would the consumption loop look like?
Well, let's take a look.
It might look like this, you might say,
I'll do for let text of fetchURLs.
In other words, I've gone and
gotten all of them, and
now I'm gonna just loop over them.
But there is a problem here, which is that
the fetchURLs is not gonna return us,
it is returning us an iterator,
but the iteration results,
we don't know what the iteration
result is because it's asynchronous.
So what's gonna break here is that
when we call an async generator and
we get back, or we call an async
iterator and we call .next on it, and
we would get back something that we
thought would be an iterator result.
That's what for-of is expecting.
What we're actually gonna get back, every
time we call .next on an asynchronous
iterator, is we're gonna get back
a promise for an iterator result.
Not the iterator result itself, but
a promise for the iterator result.
Now, this is a nuanced point,
but think about the difference
between getting an iterator result
back that had a promise for
the value in it, versus getting back
a promise for the iterator result.
Those are two different things.
They sound almost the same but
they're different,
and here's how they're different.
Because if I got back an iterator
result with a promise for the value,
then what I would have is I would know
right now if it's done true or false.
But what if I can't even
know if I'm done yet
until after I get the result back?
Well, then I don't want
an iterator result with a promise,
I want a promise for the iterator result.
That's the difference between
asynchronous iteration of promises and
an asynchronous iteration,
which is what we actually want here.
So this for-of loop couldn't
work because it's gonna say,
I got a promise not an iterator result.
I don't know what to do with this.
So how would we do that?
How would we consume such
a asynchronous iterator?
You can imagine wiring something
kind of like this loop up.
You could get an iterator from
your fetchURLs function, and
then you could set up a while loop.
The let res here on line 4,
res is going to be a promise, right?
And that's the problem, because we're
trying to look for res.done, and
there is no .done on it.
So that's why, conceptually,
the for-of loop above is not working,
because we tried to call it.next and what
we got back was not an iterator result.
We got back a promise.
Okay, this seems solvable, right?
Why don't we just have a while
true loop with an await in it?
I can call it.next and
await the result of it.next, and
then I'll have my iterator result and
I can check the .done and
then use the .value.
So do you see the difference between
those two consumption loops?
One of them is trying to go
through it right away, and
it can't because we don't even know
whether we have a next iteration or not.
And this one says, okay, I'll wait.
I'll do one iteration and wait for
you to give me that result.
And then another one, and wait for
the result, and another one, and
wait for the result.
So this is an effective way to what
we call asynchronously iterate, okay?
It would be a lazy asynchronous iteration,
as opposed to,
as we talked about earlier when
I mentioned the fasy library,
which is an eager asynchronous iteration,
this is a lazy asynchronous iteration.
But nobody wants to write up their
own iterator and while loop format.
We want nice, clean,
syntactic sugar for it.
We want something like the for-of
loop to be able to consume
these lazy asynchronous generators.
So you can probably guess what happened
next, they added a for await of loop.
So line 2, we have for await, and
then it is a for-of loop over
an asynchronous iterator.
So under the covers, the for await loop is
automatically awaiting the iterator result
before moving on to decide if it
needs to do another iteration.
>> Kyle Simpson: So now we have generators
which can push out values, but they
are immediate values that we can push out
right away or we can push them out lazily.
That's the benefit of a push interface,
is that we can get lazy
synchronous iterations.
And then we have asynchronous functions,
which are pulls so
we can pull values asynchronously.
And then we saw something like fasy,
which is a iteration that is eager,
but asynchronous.
And now we're seeing the fourth quadrant,
which is I need to be able to push and
pull at the same time, so that I can
have lazy asynchronous iteration.
This was kind of the last missing
conceptual piece that JavaScript
didn't have, and so a whole set of
use cases we basically couldn't do,
or couldn't do well, because we
didn't have the right primitives.
You need all four of those quadrants
to be filled in to be able to to do
all of the various different
asynchronous tasks.
So I'm particularly excited about
asynchronous generators because
they represent kind of completion
of the puzzle, if you will.
We finally have all the pieces in place
that whatever sort of synchronous or
asynchronous, pull or push,
we have a primitive in the language
that does all four of those things.